Adam Jacoby
Q1:Which word most often follows the word “happy”? 
	"birthday"
Q2:Which word most often follows the word “sad”? 
	"song"
Q3:How many different (unique) words follow the word “computer”? 
	59
Q4:Which word most often follows the word “computer”? 
	"love"
Q5:How many times does this word follow “computer”’? 
	13

Q6:Using the starting word “happy”, what song title do you get?
	happy birthday song for the world is a little girl
Q7:Using the starting word “sad”, what song title do you get?
	sad song for the is a little girl in
Q8:Using the starting word “hey”, what song title do you get?
	hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
Q9:Using the starting word “little”, what song title do you get?
	little girl in the world is a little girl in
Q10:Try a few other words. What problem(s) do you see? Which phrase do you
most often find recurring in these titles?
	The titles start repeating quickly. for the is a little girl in the world ....
	
Q10(again?):Using the starting word “amore”, what song title do you get?
	amore mio babbino caro nome de la vida es el
Q11:Using the starting word “love”, what song title do you get?
	love you are you are you are you are you
Q12:Using the starting word “little”, what song title do you get?
	little girl like you are you are you are you
Q14(just, like, skipping 13):Explain why so many of the titles devolve into repeating patterns.
	Once you hit one pair or set of pairs that commonly follow, the titles will start to repeat.
Q15:Try several words. Find a song title that terminates in less than 20 words.
Could you find one? If so, which song title did you find? If not, why not?
	No, but putting in "monitor" gave me the most metal sounding song title ever.("monitor scream machine gun song")
	
Q16:Describe in one to two paragraphs your extension and how it fixed the repeating
phrase/word problem.
	I implemented an extremely simple fix to take away the recurring phrases. All I did was add a clause
	in the song title generator that said that if a phrase already existed inside the currently building
	title, then that phrase could not be added to the title.
Q17:Using the starting word “montana”, what song title do you get?
	montana sacra nova baby i love you are
Q18:Using the starting word “bob”, what song title do you get?
	bob marley medley 1 2 down south side story
Q19:Using the starting word “bob’ again, do you get the same title? If no, what do
you get? Try it a third time. Explain why the title might differ each time.
	Yes. It is possible to change the code so that if there is the same number of words then the 
	title will change because of the ties in word count.
Q20:Share your favorite song title that you have found.
	"monitor machine gun song is my heart"

Q21:Name something you like about Perl. Explain.
	I am not the greatest fan of Perl. Saying that, the ability to just enter a regular expression and 
	change strings and such on the fly is very useful.
Q22:Name something you dislike about Perl. Explain.
	Readability. Although Perl is far from the worst when it comes to readability, I did find myself 
	looking through regular expressions and metric tons of code from perl-monks while scratching my
	head and wondering what the meaning of life was.
Q23:Did you enjoy this lab? Which aspects did you like and/or dislike?
	Overall, this was a very enjoyable lab. Although I am not a fan of Perl, the subject of the lab was
	enjoyable to work with, especially after passing the regular expression portion of the lab and getting
	into the titles, and modification therein.
Q24:Approximately how many hours did you spend on this lab?
	8-12 (ish)
Q25:Do you think you will use Perl again? For which type(s) of project(s)?
	I may. Getting through the learning pains may not have been fun, but the ability to modify data 
	on the fly may come in useful for future projects.